# hvyhx_qanon-script
Elliptic Curves Over Q
#
#q = 17
#https://i.imgur.com/iEBuYTo.jpeg
#There is a 17 hour span that through the year north is tracking the time.

rational numbers are the Questions we are asking...
https://i.imgur.com/Ak1HEbd.jpeg

https://gs-post-images.grdp.co/2020/11/rational-number-img1605011131191-26.JPG-rs-high-webp.JPG

Mind = Int
Body = x
spirit = y
Int = Integer/Intelligence is a natural number in Time

or hash int as"i natural number". to have a natural number you have to have time space and a body to link it too.
In mathematics, an elliptic curve is a smooth, projective, algebraic curve of genus one, on which there is a specified point O


//EXTistence
E= (e)


an IAM statement is HASH that consist of many things. that follows the pilot wave.
I= Integers. The letter (Z) is the symbol used to represent integers. An integer can be 0, a positive number to infinity, or a negative number to negative infinity.
A = function from a set X to a set Y assigns to each element of X exactly one element of Y. The set X is called the domain of the function and the set Y is called the codomain of the function. This is saying an assigned fuction that that is call fuction that calls itself 
M = Messenger Master MATH measurement "Waves"

f ◦ g

I AM GOD

I=()
A= AF
its an O chain that looks like this:
AF=()
()=AF

i= Math funtion

M = The capital O in Maths is used to represent the null matrix, where all elements are zero... aka on the Cartesian coordinate system
https://i.imgur.com/vIvCQKg.png
https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Transaction
0 <sig1> <sig2> OP_2 <pubKey1> <pubKey2> <pubKey3> OP_3 OP_CHECKMULTISIG
https://protocol.0x.org/en/latest/architecture/proxy.html
The ZeroEx contract comes pre-loaded with only one Feature: Bootstrap. This exposes a bootstrap() function that can only be called by the deployer. This function does a few things:

De-register the bootstrap() function, which prevents it being called again.

Self-destruct.

Delegatecall the bootstrapper target contract and call data.

Run rippled as a Validator
A rippled server running in validator mode does everything a stock server does:

Connects to a network of peers

Relays cryptographically signed transactions

Maintains a local copy of the complete shared global ledger

What makes a validator different is that it also issues validation messages, which are sets of candidate transactions for evaluation by the XRP Ledger network during the consensus process.

It's important to understand that merely issuing validation messages does not automatically give your validator a say in the consensus process. Other servers ignore your validation messages unless they add your validator to their Unique Node List (UNL). If your validator is included in a UNL, it is a trusted validator and its proposals are considered in the consensus process by the servers that trust it.

Even if your validator isn't a trusted validator, it stills plays an important role in the overall health of the network. These validators help set the standard that trusted validators are measured against. For example, if a trusted validator is disagreeing with a lot of these validators that aren't listed in UNLs, that might indicate a problem.

https://www.reddit.com/r/CryptoCurrency/comments/ny6h7x/an_alternative_way_to_attack_the_xrp_ledger/
https://twitter.com/Mudit__Gupta/status/1489146558201229314?fbclid=IwAR0PFxrINi93vwN-R9dE0amy0una0w98IcUkQ-YYFoWWRlncIenPJoAI19Y


I ((I)(M)) GOD
so our Math is at a function that is set to zero
AF to set the funtion you need y and x 
y is usually the domain and x is the target
y = D (direction/domain)
  or
y=f(x)
Our agreed function would be a function targeting a function. 

But what we are getting here is A = function where Y and X meet on the cartesian coordinate system that call out itself in a funtion that returns a number that represent the null matrix which is the total sum.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cartesian_coordinate_system

a ring function its calls upon itself as the Global O Domain/Direction

Ring theoretic properties of quantum grassmannians
A C Kelly, T H Lenagan, L Rigal
The m x n quantum grassmannian, G_q(m,n), is the subalgebra of the algebra of m x n quantum matrices that is generated by the maximal m x m quantum minors. Several properties of G_q(m,n) are established. In particular, a basis of G_q(m,n) is obtained, and it is shown that G_q(m,n) is a noetherian domain of Gelfand-Kirillov dimension m(n-m)+1. The algebra G_q(m,n) is identified as the subalgebra of coinvariants of a natural left coaction of the m x m quantum special linear group on the algebra of m x n quantum matrices and it is shown that G_q(m,n) is a maximal order.

This above is how blockchain works. its basically hiding a number in the quantum field (AES) encryption.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_Encryption_Standard

The de Broglie–Bohm theory, also known as the pilot wave theory, Bohmian mechanics, Bohm's interpretation, and the causal interpretation, is an interpretation of quantum mechanics. In addition to the wavefunction, it also postulates an actual configuration of particles exists even when unobserved. The evolution over time of the configuration of all particles is defined by a guiding equation. The evolution of the wave function over time is given by the Schrödinger equation

In theoretical physics, the pilot wave theory, also known as Bohmian mechanics, was the first known example of a hidden-variable theory, presented by Louis de Broglie in 1927. Its more modern version, the de Broglie–Bohm theory, interprets quantum mechanics as a deterministic theory, avoiding troublesome notions such as wave–particle duality, instantaneous wave function collapse, and the paradox of Schrödinger's cat. To solve these problems, the theory is inherently nonlocal.

inherently nonlocal
https://arxiv.org/abs/2201.13026
Limits on sequential sharing of nonlocal advantage of quantum coherence
Ming-Liang Hu, Jia-Ru Wang, Heng Fan
Sequential sharing of nonlocal correlation is inherently related to its application. We address the question as to how many observers can share the nonlocal advantage of quantum coherence (NAQC) in a (d×d)-dimensional state with d being an arbitrary prime. We first recapitulate the d-dimensional unsharp measurements and analyze the trade-off between disturbance and information gain of the measurements. Then in a scenario where multiple Alices perform unsharp measurements on one party of the state sequentially and independently and a single Bob measures coherence of the conditional states on the other party, we show that at most one Alice can demonstrate NAQC with Bob. Such a limit holds even when considering the weak measurements with optimal pointer states. These results may shed light on the interplay between NAQC and quantum measurements on high-dimensional systems and the hierarchy of different quantum correlations.

Something has me thinking this is kinda the battle of GOG and MA GOG.

GOG Math Function GOG
our math funtion is (AF)
af in a funtion
that returns the same hash
its the OmegaRings Alpha 

Isaiah 43:12
“It is I who have declared and saved and proclaimed, And there was no strange god among you; So you are My witnesses,” declares the LORD, “And I am God.

PSALM 46:10
“Be still and know that I am God; I will be exalted among the nations, I will be exalted over the earth.” 11The LORD of Hosts is with us; the God of Jacob .

https://www.truthunity.net/mbd/jacob
The Bible narrative about Jacob and Esau has always been read historically, and theologians have had trouble trying to excuse Jacob and Rebekah for the apparent duplicity that they perpetrated upon Esau. When read in the light of spiritual understanding or considered as part of the history of the unfoldment of the individual soul, the incident loses its aspect of duplicity and we find that it is a description of the subtle working of the soul in spiritual evolution, under the guidance of Divine Mind. The soul is progressive. We must go forward. The soul must meet and overcome its limitations.

Ja(c)b and Esau
an unreal natural number (channeling) 
What is the meaning of Min a B?
Given two real numbers a and b, the notation min(a, b) denotes the smaller of the two numbers. In cases where a = b, then min(a, b) denotes the common value of a and b. It can be shown that min(a, b) can be expressed in terms of absolute value as follows: min(a, b) = (a + b - | a - b |)/2

You usually see the capital E on a calculator, where it means to raise the number that comes after it to a power of 10
^this^ translates to 
I have raised him up in righteousness, and I will direct all his ways: he shall build my city, and he shall let go my captives, not for price nor reward

The number e, also known as Euler's number, is a mathematical constant approximately equal to 2.71828, and can be characterized in many ways. It is the base of the natural logarithms. It is the limit of (1 + 1/n)n as n approaches infinity, an expression that arises in the study of compound interest. It can also be calculated as the sum of the infinite series


GOG and MA GOG
thats the (GO)Global Math a funtion set to GOG. OR the Big O notation, is a mathematical notation that describes the limiting behavior of a function when the argument tends towards a particular value or infinity. Big O is a member of a family of notations invented by Paul Bachmann, Edmund Landau, and others, collectively called Bachmann–Landau notation or asymptotic notation.

O M A G
(AF) + Math (which M is set to a funtion which is e entropy/extropy) on the GObal Ej


OMEGA/OMAGA (omaga. Childish, not adult; underage)
"oe" used to mean "or equivalent"
a is an O containing an "Alpha" @ E is the battle of Entropy/Extropy

extropy
the pseudoscientific principle that life will expand indefinitely and in an orderly, progressive way throughout the entire universe by the means of human intelligence and technology.
VS 
Entropy
a thermodynamic quantity representing the unavailability of a system's thermal energy for conversion into mechanical work, often interpreted as the degree of disorder or randomness in the system.

a battle of alpha and omega

Gog and Magog (/ˈɡoʊɡ ... ˈmɑːɡoʊɡ/; Hebrew: גּוֹג וּמָגוֹג, Gōg ū-Māgōg) appear in the Hebrew Bible and the Quran as individuals, tribes, or lands. In Ezekiel 38, Gog is an individual and Magog is his land;[1] in Genesis 10, Magog is a man and eponymous ancestor of a nation, but no Gog is mentioned; and centuries later Jewish tradition changed Ezekiel's "Gog from Magog" into "Gog and Magog"[2].

The Gog prophecy is meant to be fulfilled at the approach of what is called the "end of days ", but not necessarily the end of the world. Jewish eschatology viewed Gog and Magog as enemies to be defeated by the Messiah, which would usher in the age of the Messiah. Christianity's interpretation is more starkly apocalyptic: making Gog and Magog, here indicating nations rather than individuals, allies of Satan against God at the end of the millennium, as described in the Book of Revelation.

The number e, also known as Euler's number, is a mathematical constant approximately equal to 2.71828,
and can be characterized in many ways. It is the base of the natural logarithms.
It is the limit of (1 + 1/n)n as n approaches infinity, an expression that arises in the study of compound interest.
It can also be calculated as the sum of the infinite series
The letter j is used to signify that a number is an imaginary number in electrical engineering.
Normally the letter i is used, but in electrical engineering j is used instead to avoid conflict with the symbol for current.

JESUS

J = value is defined as the elastic potential difference between the linear and nonlinear elastic bodies with the same geometric variables.
 j is somtimes used as a substitute for i, usually in physics where the letter i is already used (i the intensity)
The imaginary unit or unit imaginary number (i) is a solution to the quadratic equation x2 + 1 = 0. Although there is no real number with this property, i can be used to extend the real numbers to what are called complex numbers, using addition and multiplication. A simple example of the use of i in a complex number is 2 + 3i.

2 + 3i is at the core the quantum block funtion.

Imaginary numbers are an important mathematical concept, which extend the real number system {R} to the complex number system {C} , in which at least one root for every nonconstant polynomial exists (see Algebraic closure and Fundamental theorem of algebra). Here, the term "imaginary" is used because there is no real number having a negative square. That channel is asking if its real of not True/False and when you know the Gobal chain for if its true or false, j dies on that cross.

There are two complex square roots of −1, namely i and −i, just as there are two complex square roots of every real number other than zero (which has one double square root).

In contexts in which use of the letter i is ambiguous or problematic, the letter j or the Greek ι is sometimes used instead. For example, in electrical engineering and control systems engineering, the imaginary unit is normally denoted by j instead of i, because i is commonly used to denote electric current.

Imaginary numbers are an important mathematical concept, which extend the real number system {R} to the complex number system {C} in which at least one root for every nonconstant polynomial exists (see Algebraic closure and Fundamental theorem of algebra). Here, the term "imaginary" is used because there is no real number having a negative square.


C = symbol: C) is the International System of Units (SI) unit of electric charge
                  -SI=In 2019, four of the seven SI base units specified in the International System of Quantities were redefined in terms of natural physical constants, rather than human artifacts such as the standard kilogram. Effective 20 May 2019, the 144th anniversary of the Metre Convention, the kilogram, ampere, kelvin, and mole are now defined by setting exact numerical values, when expressed in SI units, for the Planck constant (h)

H = In metrology it is used, together with other constants, to define the kilogram, an SI unit. The SI units are defined in such a way that, when the Planck constant is expressed in SI units, it has the exact value h = 6.62607015×10−34 J⋅Hz

(starting to take j and go to to CHrist here it seems)
 


JESUS is 
j  In contexts in which use of the letter i is ambiguous or problematic, the letter j or the Greek ι is sometimes used instead. For example, in electrical engineering and control systems engineering, the imaginary unit is normally denoted by j instead of i, because i is commonly used to denote electric current.
What is J in number?
We say it is imaginary. j is an imaginary number such that j2 = −1. Even though j is not real, using it we can formally write down the square roots of any negative number as shown in the following example. Example Write down expressions for the square roots of a) 9, b) −9.
E Euler's number, is a mathematical constant approximately equal to 2.71828, and can be characterized in many ways. It is the base of the natural logarithms
S synch or the letter capital S represents the sum of a sequence of numbers, whereas the small “s” means the sample standard deviation. The Greek letter corresponding to the capital “S”, which is called “sigma” (∑) is also used to represent the sum of numbers in the sequence.
U-and ∩ is used when there are sets.
 -U (Union) means all the items arranged with no repeats.
 -∩ (Interception) means all the items that appear on two of the sets that is referred to.

In mathematics, the letter capital S represents the sum of a sequence of numbers, whereas the small “s” means the sample standard deviation. The Greek letter corresponding to the capital “S”, which is called “sigma” (∑) is also used to represent the sum of numbers in the sequence.

$D$


Message◦master G

Cryptographic Keys
In the XRP Ledger, a digital signature authorizes a transaction to do a specific set of actions. Only signed transactions can be submitted to the network and included in a validated ledger.

To make a digital signature, you use a cryptographic key pair associated with the transaction's sending account. A key pair may be generated using any of the XRP Ledger's supported cryptographic signing algorithms. A key pair can be used as a master key pair, regular key pair or a member of a signer list, regardless of what algorithm was used to generate it.

Warning: It is important to maintain proper security over your cryptographic keys. Digital signatures are the only way of authorizing transactions in the XRP Ledger, and there is no privileged administrator who can undo or reverse any transactions after they have applied. If someone else knows the seed or private key of your XRP Ledger account, that person can create digital signatures to authorize any transaction the same as you could.

Generating Keys
Many client libraries and applications can generate a key pair suitable for use with the XRP Ledger. However, you should only use keypairs that were generated with devices and software you trust. Compromised applications can expose your secret to malicious users who can then send transactions from your account later.

Key Components
A cryptographic key pair is a private key and a public key that are connected mathematically through a key derivation process. Each key is a number; the private key should be chosen using a strong source of randomness. The cryptographic signing algorithm defines the key derivation process and sets constraints on the numbers that can be cryptographic keys.

When dealing with the XRP Ledger, you may also use some related values such as a passphrase, seed, account ID, or address.
  
 The domain of g(x) is the set of all real numbers. Also, g(g(x)) is defined for the set of all real numbers.
 The x-axis and y-axis are axes in the Cartesian coordinate system
A Cartesian coordinate system (UK: /kɑːˈtiːzjən/, US: /kɑːrˈtiʒən/) in a plane is a coordinate system that specifies each point uniquely by a pair of numerical coordinates, which are the signed distances to the point from two fixed perpendicular oriented lines, measured in the same unit of length. Each reference line is called a coordinate axis or just axis (plural axes) of the system, and the point where they meet is its origin, at ordered pair (0, 0). The coordinates can also be defined as the positions of the perpendicular projections of the point onto the two axes, expressed as signed distances from the origin.
 AES syncs to a the (A(e))S

AES is the alpha pinned to the Omega by copying itself with itself.

E capital “S”, which is called “sigma” (∑)
“sigma” (∑) =
   mathematical sum.
   standard deviation.

SYNCHED


WWG1WGA

Wave Wave creates G-synch 1 wave G-synch A = function from a set X to a set Y) both our x and y are set on 2 g-synchs of wave  A... Asychronus function or ALPHA?

n⨀sce know yourself synch channel energy
